# Smart-Farm
This  is actually  an app to play a vital role on automation in poultry farm,cattle farm and fisheries.
In contemporary agriculture, automation plays a vital role. Our aim is to provide an IoT based smart system where, effective parameters of any farm can be controlled through a mobile app. The app will be provided for basically poultry farm, cattle farm and fisheries farm. The system will warn the person  in-charge about the various environmental parameters like temperature, humidity etc through the app. The person in-charge also can initiate a required action through the app, if needed. When it is required any necessary action to be taken, the person in-charge is not responding and system doesn’t receive any command in particular time period, it will initiate the action automatically.Currently in farming like poultry , cattle or fisheries there is no efficient way to handle environmental parameters in real time and handle them smartly. Our idea is to work with this parameters like temperature, humidity, gases. This parameters will be handled through automation process. It will be done by help of relevant sensor, arduino, raspberry  pi. Sensors will be placed in suitable place and then  interfaced with control unit. In poultry farm humidity sensor, temperature sensor and water level indicator  will be used. If  this parameters create problem, then the problem will be notified through apps. Same thing will be applied for other farms and people who is in charge, can take necessary steps through apps from remote places.Owner can receive update of every parameters in real time. Live video feed for each farm also will be shared through apps. This app will reduce human load and will be efficient in monitoring. It will be feasible through both government and non-government activities. Rural people have  lands but they can not use it properly. If we guide them properly about smart farm , they will be able to implement it. It will develop socio-economic condition of rural people and create huge impact on our country economy. We have so much demand on food and it will help to recover this demand. Anyone can operate their farm through apps and they will feel secure about their farm. It will remove unemployment problem from our country. It will help our country  a lot. Monitoring environmental parameters in real time is very crucial. Lack of proper monitoring, farm may not produce quality product. This app will make this very simple with very precise data value of every parameter. So, monitoring will be very easy. On the other hand, it will reduce labor cost in the farm. The entire farm will be run by sun tracking solar panel. So, there will be no electricity cost in our firm like other general farm. Our farm will be not only efficient, at the same time it will be cost effective also.




